---
layout: post
title:  "New Old Things"
date:   2016-02-28 00:56:00
categories: projects
---
I've been flying under the radar lately, bogged down with work (but learning a lot!). I'm taking some time to try to get some older projects out in the open.

The first of these projects is a fun one from a few years ago, which I refer to as [Muse](https://github.com/patricksanders/muse). Muse is designed to be an aggregator of music data from various sources. As it currently stands, Muse only pulls from The Echo Nest API. You can [see it in action](http://muse.patricksanders.net/) because, even after all this time, it's still running strong on Google App Engine.

The next project is [mdb-to-postgres](https://github.com/patricksanders/mdb-to-postgres). mdb-to-postgres is a small web app that is used, as the name suggests, to import a Microsoft Access database file into PostgreSQL on a Linux system. I know it's oddly specific, but it was purpose-made to solve a fairly unique problem.

Lastly, we have [map-deny](https://github.com/patricksanders/map-deny), which is the beginning of a small web application to show a map of IP addresses in the hosts.deny file generated by denyhosts. map-deny does geoip lookups against the freely available GeoLite2 database created by MaxMind. Since starting this project, I have switched from denyhosts to fail2ban. I haven't adapted this project to import log files from fail2ban, so this project has fallen to the wayside. I still think it's a pretty cool concept though, so I want to keep it around for possible future iterations.

That's all I've got for now. Thanks for stopping by!
